#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels project,DFF


= Project Description =
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?):
  * Twitter description (120 characters laymen description, e.g. how would you describe this to your neighbour and not bore them):
  * Questions this project answers:
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =

  * Name of Host Institution: 
  * JISC Programme/Strand: 
  * Length of Project:
    * Project Start Date:
    * Project End Date:
  * Grant Awarded to Project:

= Project Team =
  * Project Manager/Investigator
  * Developer
  * Admin
  * Partners
  * Consultants

= Documentation =
  * Core Project Resources
  * Project Plan
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
  * Final Budget
  * Sign-off Form

= Meetings =
(reverse chronological order of scheduled face to face meetings)

First Meeting, Date of Meeting, Location of Meeting
  * Agenda:
    * Programme Manager SLA:
    * SWOT:
    * Documentation: Core Project Resources, Project Plan, Progress Posts 
    * List Top Three Sprints/Workpackages and Level of Difficulty for each
    * Use Cases and Type/Name of Real/Named Users:
    * Technologies/Tools Using (Standards, Methods, 
    * Methodology (Agile, SCRUM, TDD, etc) --> Code Repo/Wiki/Site?
    * Sustainability / Success Plan / Business Case

= Correspondance =
(descending chronological order)
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.
  * Remind projects regarding best practice in FOI.

  * 2009-07-02 DFF sent email to Caroline to ask about returning of grant letter.
  * Jackie will go back to developers (Andy, Taliesin and Malcolm) to see if they are still keen on developing something that addresses a real user problem (open brief).
  * If developers agree, they will name a set of real "named" end users in which with to work.
  * A draft outline on new proposed project will be written up prior to August 11th for David to read over <- utilise project plan form so less rewriting. 
  * A F2F meeting will be scheduled with developer team and David to go over project outputs and agree on way forward for project (post Aug 11).