#summary A demonstrator prototype publishing platform for the JISC funding call and dissemination process.
#labels PM-AndrewMcGregor,Call-03.09,blog,rss,wordpress,wordpressMU,Status-Recommended

= Project Details =
  * University of Lincoln and Open University
  * tag: JISCPress

= Project Descriptios =
  * JISCPress will provide a scalable community platform for publishing and discussing project calls and final reports, in order to support the grant bidding and project dissemination processes. We will demonstrate how the cumulative effect of publishing this way will lead to an improved platform for the discovery and dissemination of grant-related information and project outputs.	
  * A demonstrator prototype publishing platform for the JISC funding call and dissemination process.

= Project Team =
  * PM: Joss Winn	jwinn@lincoln.ac.uk	
  * DEV: Tony Hirst, tony.hirst@gmail.com
  * DEV: Eddie Tejeda, eddie.tejeda@gmail.com
  * DEV: Alex Bilbie alex@alexbilbie.com		
  * End User: Admininistrator (Librarian, Learning Technologist, etc)	

= Project Resources = 

  * project blog feed: http://jiscpress.blogs.lincoln.ac.uk/feed/
  * code repository: http://code.google.com/p/jiscpress/source/checkout	
  * Analytics engine: Not yet set up. Will use Google Analytics and Piwik	
  * Other related URL: http://josswinn.org	
  * Twitter: http://twitter.com/jiscpress
  * http://friendfeed.com/jiscpress	
  * http://jiscpress.blogs.lincoln.ac.uk
  * http://jiscpress.uservoice.com/
							
= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects.  Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.