#summary extension of SNEEP to work on more than just eprints and to collect data centrally as well as locally.
#labels PM-JamesFarnhill,project,data,Call-03.09,Theme-AggregateTaqs,Status-Delay

_NOTE TO PROJECT ON THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff_

= Project Description =
  * Full Name of Project (project tag is name of this page): Platform Independent Community Toolbox
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?): This project proposes to develop a working prototype of a lightweight distributed community-centric set of collaborative tools (commenting, tagging, annotating and bookmarking) for use on any given online resource. Our earlier project SNEEP built such tools for the Eprints repository and has been adopted by those in the the EPrints community. Broadening the scope of the tools developed by SNEEP will in turn engender the creation of valuable community networks of collaboration and communication based around the existing resources used by that community.
  * Twitter description (120 characters laymen description, e.g. how would you describe this to your neighbour and not bore them): Collaborative research tools: for the community, owned by the community, available where the community is.
  * Questions this project answers (end user problems it solves):
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =
  * Name of Host Institution: ULCC
    * Department: Digital Archives Department
  * JISC Programme/Strand: Data
  * Length of Project: 6 months
    * Project Start Date:
    * Project End Date:
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £38063

= Project Team =
  * Product Owner: 
  * Developer:
  * Admin:
  * Partners:
  * Consultants:

Rory McNicholl	r.mcnicholl@ulcc.ac.uk	Rory McNicholl, Ben Wheeler	r.mcnicholl@ulcc.ac.uk, b.wheeler@ulcc.ac.uk

= Documentation =
  * Code Repository: http://code.google.com/p/pict/
  * Technical Documentation: http://code.google.com/p/pict/w/list
  * End User Documentation: TBC
  * Analytics Engine: TBC
  * Project Website: pict.ulcc.ac.uk
  * XMPP Feed (twitter): n/a
  * RSS Feed From Project Blog: http://pict.jiscinvolve.org/feed/

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://pict.jiscinvolve.org/feed/" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>

  * PIMS listing
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Core Project Resources
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Project Plan
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Final Budget
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Survey and Sign-off Form
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:

= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects.  Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.