#summary a Web 2.0 mashup approach to creating and consuming university reading lists.
#labels PM-BenWynne,library,mashup,readingList,project,Call-03.09


_NOTE TO PROJECT ON THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff_

= Project Description =
  * Full Name of Project: list8D
  * 10 second elevator pitch: List8D is an innovative user-focused Web 2.0 approach to creating and consuming university reading lists. External information sources are used to minimise data entry and provide direct links to library catalogues and other online sources.
  * Twitter description: List8D will provide a Web 2.0 approach to creating and consuming university reading lists.
  * Questions this project answers / end-user problems it solves:
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =
  * Name of Host Institution: University of Kent
  * JISC Programme/Strand: Mashup
  * Length of Project: 4 months
    * Project Start Date: 01/09/2009
    * Project End Date: 30/11/2009
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £37173

= Project Team =
  * Product Owner: 
  * Developer:
  * Admin:
  * Partners:
  * Consultants:

Ben Charlton	b.c.charlton@kent.ac.uk	Ben Charlton, Mark Fendley, Matthew Slowe, Matthew Bull, Matthew Spence, Simon Yeldon	b.c.charlton@kent.ac.uk, m.s.fendley@kent.ac.uk, m.slowe@kent.ac.uk, m.bull@kent.ac.uk, m.s.a.spence@kent.ac.uk, s.j.yeldon@kent.ac.uk	Tim Jenkins <T.S.Jenkins@kent.ac.uk>, John Sotillo <J.Sotillo@kent.ac.uk>, Bonnie Ferguson <B.Ferguson@kent.ac.uk>, Michael Wilcox <M.D.Wilcox@kent.ac.uk>, Katie Edwards <K.E.Edwards@kent.ac.uk>


= Documentation =
  * Code Repository: http://code.google.com/p/list8d/
  * Technical Documentation: http://code.google.com/p/list8d/w/list
  * End User Documentation: TBC
  * Analytics Engine: TBC
  * Project Website: TBC
  * Twitter: http://twitter.com/list8d
  * RSS Feed From Project Blog: http://blogs.kent.ac.uk/list8d/feed/

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://blogs.kent.ac.uk/list8d/feed/" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>

  * PIMS listing
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Core Project Resources
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Project Plan
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Final Budget
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Survey and Sign-off Form
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:

= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects.  Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.