#summary The creation of a smart phone website and application to provide students with location and time sensitive information.
#labels project,mobile,android,iphone,PM-DavidFFlanders,Theme-Mobile

_NOTE TO PROJECT ON THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff_

= Project Description =
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?): Mobile Campus Assistant is a project to develop a prototype open source mobile smart phone application and a mobile-specific website to provide students on the move with location and time sensitive information. For example, 'where is my nearest...' service such as wireless hotspots, public PC availability, directions to campus buildings, access to timetables.	
  * Short Description (twitter-esque)): The creation of a smart phone website and application to provide students with location and time sensitive information.
  * Questions this project answers:
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =
  * [http://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=po8dqZ_GuNf5Q2fd00xr9Vw&single=true&gid=0&range=b37:z37&output=html Core Project Details]
  * Name of Host Institution: University of Bristol
  * JISC Programme/Strand: Mobile 
  * Length of Project: 6 months
    * Project Start Date: ?2009June
    * Project End Date: ?2009Nov
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £40,000.00

= Project Team =
  * Project Owner: Nikki Rogers Nikki.Rogers at bristol.ac.uk
  * Lead Developer: Mike Jones mike.a.jones at bristol.ac.uk 
    * Jasper Tregold jasper.tredgold@bristol.ac.u
    * Chris Bailey: c.bailey@bristol.ac.uk

= Documentation =
  * Code Repository: http://github.com/MikeJ1971/mobile-campus-assistant/
  * Technical Documentation: http://github.com/MikeJ1971/mobile-campus-assistant/
  * End User Documentation: TBC
  * Analytics Engine: TBC
  * Project Website: http://mobilecampus.ilrt.bris.ac.uk
  * XMPP Feed (twitter): http://twitter.com/MrJ1971
  * RSS Feed From Project Blog: http://mobilecampus.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/feed/

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://mobilecampus.ilrt.bris.ac.uk/feed/" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>

  * Core Project Resources: http://spreadsheets.google.com/pub?key=po8dqZ_GuNf5Q2fd00xr9Vw&single=true&gid=0&output=html 
  * Project Plan: Received. 
  * Final Budget: TBC
  * Sign-off Form: TBC

= Meetings =
(reverse chronological order of scheduled face to face meetings)

First Meeting, Date of Meeting, Location of Meeting
  * Agenda:
    * Programme Manager SLA:
    * SWOT: Strengths: 
    * Documentation: Core Project Resources, Project Plan, Progress Posts 
    * List Top Three Sprints/Workpackages and Level of Difficulty for each
    * Use Cases and Type/Name of Real/Named Users:
    * Technologies/Tools Using (Standards, Methods, 
    * Methodology (Agile, SCRUM, TDD, etc) --> Code Repo/Wiki/Site?
    * Sustainability / Success Plan / Business Case: open development model (continuous integration server), 


= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects. Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.