#summary user profile plugin for ePrints
#labels project,User-Student,User-Lecturer,widget,perl

NOTE TO PROJECTS RE THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff

=Descriptions=
  * What questions are this project trying to answer:
    * How can we enrich the repository users experience by giving them more interesting and informative home within the repository environment?
    * How can we best exploit what we know about users of the repository to expose their skills and promote their position in their field of expertise to improve their reputation and the reputation of their institution?

= Project Details =
  * A4-5 
  * University of Southampton
  * David Millard dem@ecs.soton.ac.uk
  * 6 months 4/1/2009 10/1/2009
  * 29751

=Project Team=
  * Project Manager: David Millard
  * Project Manager: Yvonne Howard
  * Developer: Patrick McSweeney

= Documentation =
RSS Feed From Project Blog: http://blog.lsl.ecs.soton.ac.uk/meprints

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://blog.lsl.ecs.soton.ac.uk/meprints" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>

  * Core Project Resources
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Project Plan
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Final Budget
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Sign-off Form
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:

=Meetings=

==Mtg on Thursday May 14th at Southampton==

Sign off on ProgManger SLA

SWOT analysis (one thought for each: strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) for the project?

  * strengths: integration with ePrints as a profile (homepage) plugin
  * weaknesses:dependent upon the quality of the developers 
  * opportunities: number and variety fo users helping to build the prototype (from previous projects)
  * threats: commercial threats of other systems (iTunesU, Slideshare, YouTubeEdu, etc).

user process:
  * fortnightly build
  * build framework for profiles take to a workshop with end users to test (workshops every two of three months)
  * will show features to domain experts (3-4 from southampton, portsmouth), workshops are lead by domain experts who collects students together


list out the top three most immediate code sprints to be done along with an effort required rating 1-5 (i.e. little effort = 1 : good deal of effort = 5)?

names and a quick biog for a handful of end user currently involved in the project?

preference for managing the project: agile

potential business cases for making the stuff creating viable in the long term, e.g. how do you see the project resources being funded beyond the life of this project?

Oneshare about getting into a services place.  Repositories are hand crafted but don't want to support everyone who comes along and wants to use it.  
  * Eprints is a frmaework for building repositories, as is it is a research repositoriy, one share would enable the plugins to enhance it to enable it to handle other content types.  
  * Open source model of support = ePrints services


History:
  * Projects: Pharoes, EdShare (IR T&L repo), LangaugeBox (t&l sbjt repo)
  * Research repositories are for archiving, learning repositroesare about living docs, ergo it is not about the metadata it is about the content being shown...
  * Pulling features and functions from T&L repos into a single ePrints instance = OneShare Project (McGreggor)
  * integration with VLE, VLE use is mandated at Southampton
  * Langauge box as a light VLE

LORO at the open university using a version of EdShare (Anna Quin at OU)
  * Institutional support of staff for using t&l repositories
  * 

HUMBox = Humanities OER project to manage t&l box
  * 

Teaching and Learning is not about the content but about the community <- collection and commentary
  * building community is partially about identity
  * MePrints = as plugin for ePrints
  * making a profile page based off of installation: t&l as seperate profile page at OU
  * 

Yvonne and David teaching a business tech, and first module is computation thinking, students who havn't done maths can't abstract.

Teachers can't identify learning activities: 

EdShare has 1000 deposits
LanguageBox has 300 deposits




= CORRESPONDANCE =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects. Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.