#summary The Intute Internet Detective is already positioned as an extremely popular, well respected online tutorial, helping the user to assess the academic validity of websites.
#labels PM-DavidFFlanders,Theme-Mobile,project,Call-03.09,U-Student,Status-Archived

_NOTE TO PROJECT ON THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff_

= Project Description =
  * Full Name of Project (project tag is name of this page): 
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?): The Intute "Mobile Internet Detective" project is already positioned as an extremely popular, well respected online tutorial, helping the user to assess the academic validity of websites. The project intends to build on the existing service by extending its reach to include mobile users, who, as the mobile Internet has developed, have come to expect higher standards when browsing on their handsets. The needs and behaviour of a mobile surfer differs greatly from a desktop surfer, so ‘ The Mobile Internet Detective ’ will deliver a user friendly mobile site that is fast and inexpensive to load, providing the right content, presented in the right order and with an adapted layout.	
  * Twitter description (120 characters laymen description, e.g. how would you describe this to your neighbour and not bore them):This project aims to develop a prototype mobile version of the Internet Detective online tutorial and consider other methods of content delivery such as via podcast.

= Project Details =
  * Name of Host Institution: University of Manchester
    * Department: Mimas
  * JISC Programme/Strand: Mobile
  * Length of Project: 6 Months
    * Project Start Date: 1/7/2009
    * Project End Date: 30/11/2009
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £19664

= Project Team =
  * Project Director: Caroline Williams <caroline.williams@manchester.ac.uk>
  * Product Owner: Andy Priest	andrew.priest@manchester.ac.uk
  * Developer:
  * Admin:
  * Partners:
  * Consultants:

Diana Massam <diana.massam@manchester.ac.uk>

= Documentation =

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://www.intute.ac.uk/blog/category/mobile-internet-detective/feed/" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>
  
  * Project Blog: http://www.intute.ac.uk/blog/category/mobile-internet-detective/	
  * Code Repository: svn://irsdev.intute.ac.uk/mobile-internet-detective/
  * Technical Documentation: svn://irsdev.intute.ac.uk/mobile-internet-detective/support/
  * End User Documentation: 
  * Analytics Engine: 
  * Project Website: 
  * XMPP Feed (twitter): 
  * PIMS listing:
  * Core Project Resources: 7/30/2009 13:05:00
  * Project Plan:
  * Final Budget:
  * Sign-off Form:

= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects.  Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.