#summary This page lists the documentation JISCRI projects are required to submit.
#labels documentation

*_Please do acknowledge the reading of this document by leaving a comment at the end of it (in the comments section), your feedback on this process is greatly appreciated._*

= Introduction to Project Documentation =
All JISC projects are *required* to complete documentation.  While we all know the labour involved in documentation, it is important to take the time to fill out the documentation in full.  Documentation is there to help spread best practice amongst our community and to help you to effectively plan the work you want to achieve. For the Rapid Innovation Programme we have attempted to scope all documentation so you can directly see the benefits that documentation has for yourself and for the community as a whole.

In short, the 'Rapid Innovation' projects are of a different project species, and so we've changed the way documentation works so that it is lightweight and web-worthy.  Overall we hope it gets you writing documentation for one another as a community, rather than just to the JISC Executive.

Below is a list of documentation you will need to complete so as to fulfil your remit to the JISCRI programme.

= Overview of JISCRI Project Documentation =
There are three sets of documents you will need to complete during the course of your JISCRI project:

  # [http://code.google.com/p/jiscri/w/edit/ProjectDocumentation#1._Project_Planning Project Planning] (Core Project Resources Form, Project Plan and Budget)
  # [http://code.google.com/p/jiscri/w/edit/ProjectDocumentation#2._Progress_Posts Progress Posts] (of which a list of themes and tags are provided for each the seven required posts below)
  # [http://code.google.com/p/jiscri/w/edit/ProjectDocumentation#Final_Project_Sign-Off Final Project Sign-Off] (Final Spend Budget, Programme Survey and official sign off of completed project)

== 1. Project Planning==
  # *[http://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?hl=en&formkey=cG84ZHFaX0d1TmY1UTJmZDAweHI5Vnc6MA.. Core Project Resources Form]* <- please fill out within first fortnight of the project.
    * This form is gathering the key URIs in your project so that JISC can support you as effectively as possible in monitoring your project.  
    * For example by having all the project blog feeds we can aggregate them into a central feed so we can more effectively pass on news and developments as they occur to other JISC projects.  
    * This form is essential and needs to be filled out as soon as you have your staff, website/blog/wiki, code repository and rss feeds in place.
  # *[http://code.google.com/p/jiscri/downloads/list?q=label:ProjectPlan Project Plan Template HTML]*  <- please complete within the first month of your project.
    * [http://www.screencast.com/users/DFFlanders/folders/Jing/media/e4db2015-6e3f-40fd-ad13-6f93ff60d772 Screencast on how to upload the XHTML template to Google Docs]
    * [http://www.screencast.com/users/DFFlanders/folders/Jing/media/0fbb2d94-5f22-423b-8a6f-62a88e67b0c8 Screencast on how to upload the XHTML template to Word]
    * This document clearly states the obligation you have to JISC in how you plan to achieve your project.  
    * This document can be cut and pasted from your project proposal so long as nothing has changed with the budget.

*_Please remember all documents you create as part of your project are subject to FOI so best to maintain best practice with regards to transparency and openness throughout your project_*

== 2. Progress Posts==
  * So as to make your life easier we are suggesting a series of blog posts be written for the project as it progresses (this is in place of the project final report so should save you time!)
  * The posts are intended to disseminate the knowledge of the project in the now, rather than waiting until the end of the project to share your experiences. 
  * In short, we would like you to write a blog post on the following themes during the course of your project, though you are welcome to find variance in the theme as you see fit.  We are not prescriptive here and really want you to write something that people in the community will want to read, i.e. don't write them for JISC alone.
  * Please make sure to use the correct tags for each post (including your own project tag) so that our robots can come along and aggregate all posts on various topics into our analytics tools (manyEyes, Google Data, etc).  We are hoping this open data approach helps increase the synchronous-ability in which we communicate with one another.
  * The posts can be as short or as long as you like so long as you keep your fellow projects and Higher Education community audience in mind.  
  * You must cover all the topic themes (and use all the tags) below: be that in ten separate posts or in three or four longer posts (though our preference is for early and often where possible).

The following topics make up the required Progress Posts (you can do these posts in the order you see as most pragmatic to your project).  

  # *Project SWOTing* aka project evaluation: Undertake a basic [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SWOT_analysis SWOT analysis] of your project (which is a good thing to repeatedly do with yourself when you have a couple free moments waiting for a bus or train, especially helpful at the end of code sprints).  The key is to truly knowing thyself or at least your project. 
    * required tags =  SWOT, projectEvaluation, rapidInnovation, progressPosts, JISCRI, JISC, <your own unique project tag>, etc.
  # *User participation* aka user cases: what is the core user case(s) you think of when developing the app; how has this story changed as you have engaged with the end user e.g. "we often talk about Sam the part time working student we met while at...".  Bonus points for actually talking about real end-users you are working with (note: you are not the end user!).
    * required tags = userCase, endUser, rapidInnovation, progressPosts, JISCRI, JISC, <your own unique project tag>, etc. 
  # *Day-to-day work* aka tools, tips and trick that make you productive: what software tools or productivity methods do you use and how do you use them?  How do they make you more productive and why do you see value in using them?  Any and all tools, methodologies or diagrams showing off the way your project is run from an individual or team perspective are welcome.
    * required tags = methodology, implementation, productivity, progressPosts, rapidInnovation, JISCRI, JISC, <your own unique project tag>, etc.
  # *Technical standards* aka stuff you reuse: what technologies, frameworks, standards or anything else that makes your life easier (or harder) in your work.  For example: what programming language (or framework, IDE, pattern, etc) do you use and why do you love it, e.g. "why I love Object Relational Mapping in Python and Django" or "why I think SWORD is great but could do this...", please remember to provide links for standards and acronyms, etc.
    * required tags = techStandards, technicalDevelopment, progressPosts, rapidInnovation, JISCRI, JISC, <your own unique project tag>, etc.
  # *Value Add* aka what shifted your thinking in a new direction: What was the most important thing you discovered that brought value to your project, e.g. what was the "wow" moment that made you change your perspective on a specific technology, process or human motivation?
    * required tags = valueAdd, disruptiveInnovation, progressPosts, rapidInnovation, JISCRI, JISC, [your own unique project tag], etc.
  # *Small WIN(s) & FAIL(s)* aka advice others could benefit from (you could use twitter for these posts instead of your project blog if you prefer, make sure your twitter account is listed on the core resources form): announce small wins for the project, e.g. when you finish a coding sprint or when a user has a 'wow your software is cool' moment.  The more of these short "win" posts the better!  Also don't forget to post the FAIL(s) as well: telling people where things went wrong so they don't repeat mistakes is priceless for a thriving community.
    * required tags if tweeting = "WIN" or "FAIL" and "JISCRI"
    * required tags if in project blog = "WIN" or "FAIL" and "JISCRI", progressPosts, rapidInnovation, JISCRI, JISC, [your own unique project tag], etc.
  # *Final Progress Post* aka final prototype product advertisement (DEADLINE: PROJECT END DATE AND NO LATER THAN DECEMBER 1ST)
    * In this post you are required to address each one of the below elements, this post along with your final prototype will be evaluated for it readiness to launch to the end user.  If selected, we'll be using this post as the final "advertisement" that will go in an 'Argos-like catalogue' of JISC Software Prototypes.  We hope to put this publication on the desk of as many senior managers in UK HE/FE as possible as well as other potential investors (e.g. NGOs and VCs) in the New Year so please write this Final post with that audience in mind.
    * *Template for Final Progress Post* (please copy and paste the below into the html of your final post and fill out accordingly.  Delete comments inside of html ignore tags, e.g. "<!-- lorum ipsum doler -->"):
      * Title of Primary Project Output: <--! Please use the following title format for this post: "ProjectTag: One line description of prototyped output"-->
      * Screenshot or diagram of prototype: <!-- Please provide a screen shot or diagram that will quickly explain the point of your prototype to the end user -->
      * Link to working prototype: <!-- This http link should point directly to a working prototype in which the end user can interact, if a working prototype is not available then please provide a screencast or series of screenshots demonstrating end user functionality, this screencast should not exceed 5 minutes.  Please note: working prototypes are preferred even if just 'rough and ready', please do not send powerpoints or other non web-based documents, they will not be accepted. This prototype must be maintained for one year after the date of the official project sign-off. -->
      * Link to end user documentation: <!-- Please provide an http link for a page that explains the use of the prototype to the end user, e.g. an "about" page that explains the project and why it is producing the prototype.  For example, what end user problem does it solve, what question does the prototype answer, what itch for the community does it scratch? -->
      * Link to code repository or API: <!-- This http link should be to the primary page listing all code libraries for the prototype.  This page must be maintained for one year after the official date of the project sign-off. -->
      * Link to technical documentation: <!-- Please provide an http link for a page listing all technical documentation which explains the code listed in the code repository above.  -->
      * Date prototype was launched: <!-- Please provide a date for when the last version of the prototype was made available to end users -->
      * Project Team Names, Emails and Organisations: <!-- For example: "David F. Flanders, d.flanders@jisc.ac.uk - Joint Information Systems Committee; etc."  -->
      * Project Website: <!-- HTTP link to any additional wiki, blog or site that has applicable documentation -->
      * PIMS entry: <!-- Please provide a link to your projects entry in PIMS, for example: http://www.pims.jisc.ac.uk/id?=[project number id here] -->
      * Table of Content for Project Posts <!-- A final thematic table of contents should be provided here of all the project posts written along with links to each post.  Please make this table of contents generic to any readership that might find your project on the Web. -->

== 3. Final Project Sign-Off==
  # *Final Budget Template* (everyone must fill this out)
    * [http://code.google.com/p/jiscri/downloads/list?q=label:budget Budget spreadsheet templates listed here].
    * Please note that the final budget will be made open under FOI regulations so do not put any personal data in the budget, e.g. instead of listing names of people please list their generic 'central spine' role in the project: "project manager", "project developer", "consultant developer", etc.
  # *Final Project Sign-off Form/Survey* <!--link to final sign-off form coming soon-->
    * To complete the project you will need to fill out the above form.  This is both the legal ending of your project and the feedback JISC requires to improve on rapid innovation the next time around.
    
== Documentation Feedback ==
Please provide any feedback for this documentation procedure in the below comments section.