#summary a secure collaborative document creation and management social network
#labels project,alfresco,drupal,middleware,PM-DavidFFlanders,Call-03.09,Status-Archived

_NOTE TO PROJECT ON THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff_

= Project Description =
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?):                         
Rudiment is a lightweight project to design and develop a tools mash-up to allow rules-controlled document management in a collaborative authoring environment. The proposed combination of technologies will provide a secure environment for distributed teams to collaborate on any set of documents.

  * 20 second laymen pitch: Designing and developing rules-controlled document management in a collaborative authoring environment taking JISC research funding bids as the case study is the main objective of our project called Rudiment. Sharing the project with the University of Manchester enhances productivity and capacity of Rudiment. As a result of the close cooperation, combination of technologies such as Alfresco and Drupal is used to create a secure, managed social networking environment and increase understanding of how to integrate two proven technologies. One of the benefits of Rudiment is that documents are subsequently structured so a document template can be specified to ensure all submissions adhere to the same format. To sum up, Rudiment will provide the resolution of a recognised need for academics to access, retrieve and edit a working document using a prescribed set of rules.
  
  * Twitter description (120 characters laymen description, e.g. how would you describe this to your neighbour and not bore them): 
  * Questions this project answers:
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =https://pims.jisc.ac.uk/outputs/view/3680
  * Core Project Details Link: 
  * Name of Host Institution: Thames Valley University
  * JISC Programme/Strand: 
  * Length of Project:
    * Project Start Date:
    * Project End Date:
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £39995

= Project Team =
Samia Oussena	samia.oussena@tvu.ac.uk	Anna Kocurova,Chris Banks, Divya Yadav Muvvala	anna.kocurova@tvu.ac.uk, chris.banks@manchester.ac.uk	Hilary Dexter hilary.Dexter@manchatser.ac.uk, Tim cappelliTimothy.Cappelli-2@manchester.ac.uk, Tony Clark tony.clark@tvu.ac.uk

  * Product Owner: 
  * Developer:
  * Admin:
  * Partners:
  * Consultants:

= Documentation =
RSS Feed From Project Blog: feed:http://samsa.tvu.ac.uk/rudiment/blog/?feed=rss2

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="feed:http://samsa.tvu.ac.uk/rudiment/blog/?feed=rss2
" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>

  * Core Project Resources
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Project Plan
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Final Budget
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Sign-off Form
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:

= Meeting =

Date of Meeting, Location of Meeting
  * Agenda:
    * Programme Manager ServiceLevelAgreement, ie what I can do for you
    * Project Team Relations, how the ppl work together
      * Postgraduates 120 / Undergrad 80  / Staff 15
      * 

    * Use Cases and Type/Name of Real/Named End-Users:
    * Documentation: Core Project Resources, Project Plan, Progress Posts 
      * SWOT or List Top Three Sprints/Workpackages and Level of Difficulty for each
    * FOI/Transparency: OSS, Creative Commons, Budget, etc.
   
    * Technologies/Tools Using: Alfresco 


    * Methodology (Agile, SCRUM, TDD, etc) --> Code Repo/Wiki/Site?
    * Sustainability, Business Case, Dissemination: (1) EPSRC funding <- research aspects, (2) JISC funding of further extension of system (3) 

= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects.  Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.
  * Remind projects regarding best practice in FOI.