#summary a visualisation system for undergraduate history projects.
#labels PM-BalviarNotay,Theme-Visualisation,Theme-Geo,Theme-Personalisation,Theme-Mobile

_NOTE TO PROJECT ON THIS PAGE: If you see a correction/addition that needs to be made in this page please place edits in the comments section at the bottom of this page and I will change, please do not email me. /dff_

= Project Description =
  * Full Name of Project (project tag is name of this page): Visual History Project
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?): Visual History is a project proposal to address the on-line visualisation and retention of data and assets that are produced by students while undertaking a research project in History, and is applicable to a wide range of related subject areas.  The project will define a structure of “History items” to enable “views” of the project linking items by use of a map, timeline, or through other attributes.  This will form the basis of a display board metaphor.
  * Twitter description (120 characters laymen description, e.g. how would you describe this to your neighbour and not bore them):
  * Questions this project answers (end user problems it solves):
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =
  * Name of Host Institution: University of Central Lancashire 
    * Department: Faculty of Arts Humanities and Social Sciences
  * JISC Programme/Strand: 
  * Length of Project:
    * Project Start Date: 15/06/2009
    * Project End Date: 30/11/2009
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £40000

= Project Team =
  * Project Manager: Phil Holifield	Pholifield@uclan.ac.uk
  * Developer:
  * Admin:
  * Partners:
  * Consultants:

	Mike Cottam, Dongjie Xu	macottam@uclan.ac.uk, dxu@uclan.ac.uk 	Steve Caunce <sacaunce@uclan.ac.uk>, Barbara McManus <bmcmanus@uclan.ac.uk>

= Documentation =
  * Code Repository: http://code.google.com/p/vishistory/
  * Technical Documentation: TBC
  * End User Documentation: TBC
  * Analytics Engine: TBC
  * Project Website: www.uclan.ac.uk/vishistory
  * XMPP Feed (twitter): 
  * RSS Feed From Project Blog: http://vishistory.wordpress.com/feed/

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://vishistory.wordpress.com/feed/" width="700" height="700" border="1" up_showaddbutton="20"/>

  * PIMS listing
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Core Project Resources
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Project Plan
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Final Budget
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:
  * Survey and Sign-off Form
    * Received: / Comments: / Approved:
    * Located:

= Meeting =

Date of Meeting, Location of Meetings?

= Correspondance =
Please see below in comments section for any and all correspondance by Programme Manager with the Projects.  Also all edits that need to be made to this page please place in comments section and the author will correct.
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.