#summary A portable voice over wireless local area network for learning/research taking place in remote areas.
#labels wifi,voip,project

= Project Description =
  * 10 second elevator pitch (how do you sell this to an early adopter?): develop a robust, flexible and highly portable wireless communications network for use in educational collaborative group work. This network infrastructure could be used to support a broad range of learning, teaching and research activities. We are developing this system for use on geology fieldwork courses where we have established a clear need for reliable voice communication, a sense-of-presence video stream and the sharing of high-resolution digital images. The outstanding challenge to be addressed is to develop a wireless network that will prioritise the transfer of audio and video data in order to support a continuous dialogue between the students and lecturers. The project will use open source software and standard Wi-Fi technology to produce a reliable and flexible communication toolkit for mobile learning.
  * Twitter description (120 characters laymen description, e.g. how would you describe this to your neighbour and not bore them):
  * Questions this project answers:
    * User Question (what itch does it scratch):
    * Community Question (how does this change the way things were done):

= Project Details =

  * Name of Host Institution: Open University
    * directions: http://www3.open.ac.uk/contact/locations.aspx
  * JISC Programme/Strand: 
  * Length of Project:
    * Project Start Date: 2009-06-07
    * Project End Date: 2009-06-07 
  * Grant Awarded to Project: £22,367.00 
  * Project Website: http://projects.kmi.open.ac.uk/era/wiki
    * https://pims.jisc.ac.uk/projects/view/1344

= Project Team =
  * Project Owner: Trevor D. Collins, t.d.collins at open.ac.uk
  * Developer: John Lea, san at spc.org
  * Admin
  * Partners
  * Consultants

= Documentation =
  * Core Project Resources
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Project Plan
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed: http://projects.kmi.open.ac.uk/era/wiki/index.php?title=Special:RecentChanges&feed=rss
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Final Budget
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Sign-off Form
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:

= Meetings =
(reverse chronological order of scheduled face to face meetings)

First Meeting, Date of Meeting, Location of Meeting
  * Agenda:
    * Programme Manager SLA:
    * SWOT:
    * Documentation: Core Project Resources, Project Plan, Progress Posts 
    * List Top Three Sprints/Workpackages and Level of Difficulty for each
    * Use Cases and Type/Name of Real/Named Users:
    * Technologies/Tools Using (Standards, Methods, 
    * Methodology (Agile, SCRUM, TDD, etc) --> Code Repo/Wiki/Site?
    * Sustainability / Success Plan / Business Case

= Correspondance =
(descending chronological order)
  * Email, Phone calls, twitters, links sent, etc.
  * Remind projects regarding best practice in FOI.

  * 2009-0715 DFF in process of scheduling meetNgreet start Aug 11