#summary explores generation of metadata about individuals and their likely community memberships.
#labels project

=Project Descriptions / Outputs=
  * What question does the project answer?
    # Do you need people to sit down and declare social networks or can a machine automatically suggest that network (the ties that bind) for you?
  * Two sentence project pitch: explores generation of metadata about individuals and their likely community memberships.
  * Official Project Description: The writeslike.us project explores the question of generating metadata about individuals and their likely community memberships. It is a practical development project for development of a prototype repository enhancement service and sample interface, proposing candidate community participation information from analysis of existing documents & metadata. 




= Introduction =

==Project Details==
  * A4-8 
  * University of Bath, UKLON 
  * writeslike.us 
  * 6 months 4/1/2009 10/1/2009
  * 29427

==Project Team==
  * Project Director = Michael Day m.day(at)ukoln.ac.uk
  * Project Manager / Developer = Emma Tomkin
  * Developer = Alex Strelnikov


=Meetings=

==Mtg on 07 May 2009==

====SWOT:====
  * Strengths:
    * existing resources ready to be exploited for social network data <- Intute IRS dataset
    * We need to be able to recognise scholarly networks
  * Weaknesses:
    * requires data throughput and compute time to process
    * mathematically intensive experimentation with algorithms 
    * precision (++) vs. recall (-)
  * Opportunities:
    * Could be a game changer for delivering scholarly resources to the right scholarly social networks
    * Some relations should be exposed of networks (~40%) and potentially more (~%60?)
  * Threats:
    * Minimal staff time to devote to complex problems in algorithm adjustment 

====Workpackage-Sprints====
list out the top three most immediate code sprints to be done along with an effort required rating 1-5 (i.e. little effort = 1 : good deal of effort = 5)?

  # Ascribe data to person: assign scholarly profile index to a name (X1)
  # Find unique data points for each person <- names, ldap, etc. (X3)
  # Test algorythm social network lasso (X5)
  # Create widget to show academic social network (X2)

names and a quick biog for a handful of end user currently involved in the project?

preference for managing the project, e.g. prince, waterfall, agile, scrum, etc.

potential business cases for making the stuff creating viable in the long term, e.g. how do you see the project resources being funded beyond the life of this project?

====Notes====

http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3401/3510545366_cd6ede23ae.jpg?v=0
http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3309/3510544930_5017424e4e.jpg?v=1241793405