#summary auto create rss feeds out of learning resources for consumption by central rss aggregation service
#labels project,DFF,rss,ukoer,learning,teaching

=Project Description=
  * Short: Develop distributed repository of learning materials created via Xerte Online Toolkit.
  * 10 second: Project is extending the Xerte online packaging tool which creates learning resources to expose an RSS feed of the content so it can be syndicated to a central store of learning content.
  * Video intro to tool = http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmZQaQu5z4Y 
  * Questions project answers: 

= Project Details =
  * A3-10 University of Nottingham 
  * 6 months 4/1/2009 10/1/2009
  * £59777 

==Project Team/Partners==
  * Project manager: Andy Beggan (lead of learning team at Nottingham)andy.beggan[deleteThis]@nottingham.ac.uk
  * Project Admin: Alison Johnson's (facilitate, organise and disseminate the activities of the project)
  * Developers: Julian Tenney and Patrick Lockley
  * University of Bolton: Roy Attwood and Brett Haslam
    * Installation and user testing feedback
  * JISC TechDis: 
     * Providing teaching material and support documentation on how to use XERTE
     * Installing 

= Documentation =
RSS Feed From Project Blog: http://webapps.nottingham.ac.uk/elgg/xpert/weblog/rss

<wiki:gadget url="http://google-code-feed-gadget.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gadget.xml" up_feeds="http://webapps.nottingham.ac.uk/elgg/xpert/weblog/rss" width="500" height="500" border="0" up_showaddbutton="0"/>

  * Core Project Resources
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Project Plan
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Progress Posts RSS Feed
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Final Budget
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:
  * Sign-off Form
    * Received date:
    * Comments:
    * Approved:
    * Locations:

= Meetings =

== Demo of RSS output from tool ==

http://www.nottingham.ac.uk/xpert/ <- 9 June 2009

==Meeting on 5th of May at 9am w/ Project Team and Steering Board==

Actions:
  * Go over Core project info: uniquely identifiable web tag for the project!!!
  * Sign off on ProgManger SLA: please sign in the comments section of ServiceLevelAgreement page
  * Look at pedagogical patterns exposed: Tom Boyle (RLO-CETL), Andrew Boyle (AMSET), 
  * Talk to Scott Wilson: Apache Shindig installation of XERTE on Moodle, Sakai and Blackboard
  * Business Cases for how XERTE could be submitted 

===SWOT analysis:===

Strengths:
  * Synergy with national strategies OER
  * Works for most people most of the time
  * (x1) user friendly, ease of use
  * Cost of implementation
  * Rapid production with minimal technical expertise
  * Automation of publishing process
  * Open Access
  * TechDis endorsement
  * IT IS FREE!
  * Already have a user community
  * Separation of concerns in code: xml backbone vs run time ? <- Is there a programming pattern being used, e.g. MVC, RMR?

Weaknesses:
  * Timescale - 5 months
  * small number of partners (content generation)
  * Trying to serve too many customers (bespoke vs generic)
  * Lack of awareness of open content?
  * Academic buy in, getting people to use it, using eLearning more generally
  * Fear of publishing openly <- culture of change
  * credibility of being a Nottingham product <- market posititon
  * Written in ActionScript

Opportunities:
  * Completion date in September (short)
  * Dissemination at ALT
  * Rich content can attract new distance learning audiences: team teaching including international, adult learners, hospitalised learners, Jorum-haters...
  * cross referencing like Amazon <- other users have liked this resource
  * Legal requirement for open learning license
  * FE communities
  * National Standard for HE content creation?
  * DDA or DED legislation for legal requirements in Accessibility requirements
  * ongoing funding and potential funding
  * using it for staff development: teach the teachers
  * Training events
  * get international recognition
  * Try before you buy <--! is it easy to install? political battles to get it installed (digital signature for exe?)

Threats:  
  * (x1)Commercial competition
  * Summer Holiday
  * Timeliness for engaging academic staff and learners
  * Customer perception of e-learning
  * Repository fatique
  * Open Learn competition
  * Reusuable learning objects becoming fragmented
  * Overhead of supporting multiple users
  * list out the top three most immediate code sprints to be done along with an effort required rating 1-5 (i.e. little effort = 1 : good deal of effort = 5)?
  * names and a quick biog for a handful of end user currently involved in the project?
  * preference for managing the project, e.g. prince, waterfall, agile, scrum, etc.
  * potential business cases for making the stuff creating viable in the long term, e.g. how do you see the project resources being funded beyond the life of this project?
  * misuse of tool by others <- how tool can be used
  * multimedia content integration: skills of lecturers 
  * future funding, sustainability

===workflow===
http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3542/3503403445_67e1ab17fa.jpg?v=0

sign up for tool > install tool > allow RSS feed to be aggregated > enter email address for attribution > confirmation link in email > admin console to turn feed off > 

how academic publishes?
* opt in / opt out : publish
* Q/A process

<--! is there a clickable tick and take down policy? -->

Notes:
* packages are not http addressable. <- use cases for http granularity?

* achieve beta prototype of aggregator
* set of tools for developers:
** actionscript open source
* 200 developers on mailiing list: 
* 3000 hits
** toolkits atop language: form fill

* creating the open source community to support XERTE documentation, screencast and installation? <--! who supports the creation and support of this community?


Audience: Further Education
Moodle and Xerte on a stick <- xerte toolkit on a USB

Last Friday of the month have a online tutorial, supoprted by techdis, 



code sprints:
* installed in other institutions
* aggregatre RSS feeds: 

user install toolkit, after install asks to submit to repository -> RSS push -> [entity] -> push items into Repository 

presenting at Alt-C in Manchester 2009
attendance at Friday events

= Correspondance =
  * 2009-07-14 change of project date from 18 month project to 6 month project as agree by Neil J and DFF
  * AB: I am also project managing an OER institutional bid called BERLiN which will develop our existing OER called u-Now: http://unow.nottingham.ac.uk/
    * Version of the site (currently in development) which has the latest styling applied:  http://www.nottingham.ac.uk/xpert/RSS2/ 
  * 2009-08-10 AB contacted Jorum to initiate a Jorum deposit tool. 